And the next section we're going to be building is going to be and about section so we have here a nav
bar.
Then we have our banner then the next is over here our code section that we built and here that is going
to be about section.
So here this is going to be a title and we're going to have two paragraphs and here this is going to
be the button and know where this is going to be a video that is actually embedded to YouTube.
So every time we press write so we can play a YouTube video.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to start building the section.
So the first thing that I'm going to say this is going to be the comment and I'm going to say about
Section 4 here I'm going to select a line copy and paste a line and Oriol going right and of about section.
Then after that we're going to place over here a section with an I.D. and I'm going to say this is going
to be about like this.
Then within the section we're going to say this is going to be article here.
And this is going to be article with an I.D. of about text so hash tag How about text or hear press
tab and within an article going to have a heading to.
And over here having to say create Web sites Web sites the easy way easy here way when you doing this.
Now once we have this we're going to press time again.
I have had until now we would need two paragraphs somewhere or a paragraph or here to say and here let's
say 30 more here like this then we're going to have press another tab on here like this and we're going
to select this paragraph or here and you can see that I actually deleted it.
But if we go back over here and just start selecting or hear the whole paragraph and then it was going
to copy and paste.
So I'm going to copy this guy on here on New Line and we're going to copy and paste this.
So now we have two paragraphs on here like this.
And now on the other side.
Right.
We're here still within this section or here right.
But on the other side we would have another article some creative space here.
This is going to be article and then we're going to say that this is going to be article with an idea
about video.
So we're going to have about this video.
First time will heal this and then we're going to place an I-frame.
So I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be high frame or here.
We're going to have a source and for the source we're going to have a TTP one here then one two forward
slashes and this is going to be w w YouTube here.
Calm calm then forward slash then we're going to say and bad and then we're going to have another four
forward last November and this is going to be a this is going to be why s GP we're here and then we're
going to have our and this are going to be following by five then we're going to have a v G.
And this is going to be P. And we're here.
So this was the address where we're betting then the withdrawal going right away say read this and hide.
We're going to say three 15 and we're here we're going to say this is going to be a for him border war
here and that's going to be actually zero and we're going to say allow full screen Hello fool here and
this is going to be secret.
So then out here we can close this.
Now we can see the right frame and right away we have a video.
So now we would need to do is go to see assess and start styling this about Section.